in the Navy, we tend to have three distinct groupings of sexual assault.
Sexual harassment, Um, for the green light that tend, those tend
to be like a words that you can say to another person. Um, hey, sexy.
Hey, sweetie. Things that are a little bit above friendliness, um,
that the other person might feel uncomfortable with, or maybe even
another person a third person might feel uncomfortable with those could
be green light. That's when a supervisor goes to the, um to the
parties and kind of squashes it either the offending party and say,
Hey, you know what? You shouldn't say those words. Or you could go to
the person who was spoken to and say, Hey, um, this'd what I noticed.
Um, are are you comfortable with that? And kind of, uh, like, ease
the situation there just through words. Yellow light can be a little
bit more, um, more intense. That could be slight touching, maybe
grabbing the shoulders and and rubbing or, um, patting people on the
but especially between, like after sporting events, you know those
type of Pat's, um, when there is touching involved, you have to make
sure that like the person who was touched doesn't feel that that action
was sexual. However, it can be classified sexual, um, based on
another person's viewpoint or even if you noticed it yourself. You
know, like if you were offended by it, or you have some questions concerning
it thin that could be yellow, regardless of whether either
of the two parties thought it was sexual or not. Um, but yeah, touching
and especially words like, you know, like more serious words Like,
uh, I want to do this to the to you Or I think, uh, you know, we
should go to this place, you know, like it's a It could be pretty pretty
bad. That's in that sense. Red light is definite touching. Um,
maybe on private sections, um, lower lower extremities, uh, maybe grabbing
long grabs, maybe constant stairs, a certain a certain place,
which obviously has sexual overtones on those for those cases. You
definitely have to bring those up to a supervisor and get it documented.